Add a few simple, but helpful macros (#331)
pmix/pmix-standard: Chap_API_Struct.tex

Returns \code{true} if the namespace matches the given value

\littleheader{Check invalid namespace macro}
\declaremacro{PMIX_NSPACE_INVALID}

> Check the string in a \refstruct{pmix_nspace_t}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the provided \refstruct{pmix_nspace_t} is invalid.
```

Returns \code{true} if the ranks are equal, or at least one of the ranks is \refconst{PMIX_RANK_WILDCARD}

\littleheader{Check rank is valid macro}
\declaremacro{PMIX_RANK_IS_VALID}

> Check is the given rank is a valid value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the given rank is a valid value
```

\argin{r}{Rank to be assigned (\refstruct{pmix_rank_t})}
\end{arglist}

\littleheader{Transfer a procID structure}
\declaremacro{PMIX_XFER_PROCID}

> Transfer contents of one \refstruct{pmix_proc_t} value to another \refstruct{pmix_proc_t}.

Reviewer 2: Are the semantics of transfer in this case basically just copy (i.e., the source structure is left untouched)? Or is the source structure modified in some way?

Author: Strictly a copy, consistent with the other 'xfer' macros

\versionMarker{4.1}
\cspecificstart
\begin{codepar}

> PMIX_XFER_PROCID(m, n)

Author: I guess I don't really care - it hasn't been released yet and won't take _too_ much effort to globally change.

\end{codepar}
\cspecificend

\begin{arglist}

> \argin{m}{Pointer to the target structure (pointer to \refstruct{pmix_proc_t})}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
\argin{d}{Pointer to the target structure (pointer to \refstruct{pmix_proc_t})}
```

> \argin{n}{Pointer to the source structure (pointer to \refstruct{pmix_proc_t})}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
\argin{s}{Pointer to the source structure (pointer to \refstruct{pmix_proc_t})}
```
